BulkMail Usage Instructions
---------------------------

Author: hyperactiveChipmunk (hyperactiveChipmunk@gmail.com)
Website: hyperactiveChipmunk.wowinterface.com

Required Dependencies: Ace, AceGUI

This is an AddOn to facilitate mailing multiple items to one or more recipients.  Some features include:
- AutoSend (/bm autosend for full list of features):
  + Add items to be queued for one-click sending to a given destination every time you're at a mailbox (/bm autosend add [destination] ITEMLINK [ITEMLINK2, ...])
    - If no destination specified, destination will default to one set with /bm defaultdest DESTINATION, if one exists
  + When you open the mailbox, the items on your list that are in your bags will be automatically added to a queue for sending (displayed in a GUI listbox)
  + Clicking 'Send' without any destination in your To: field will send each item to the destination you set for it, plus any other items added to the queue to the default destination (see below)
  + Typing a name in the To: field will filter the send queue for only items marked for that person
- At the mailbox:
  + Alt-Click or drag an item into the GUI dropbox to add it to the send queue
  + If To: field is blank, the items that aren't part of your AutoSend list will be sent to the default destination when you press Send (items from the AutoSend list will go to their appropriate destinations)
  + If the To: field has a name in it, items added will be sent to that destination
  
Example usage:
You are Umpahpahpowcow, a misguided Tauren hunter that was lured to Goblin Engineering at a young age.  Now level 60, with many months of raiding under your belt, a bank full of resist gear, and bullets, quest pieces, and holiday minipets up the yim-yam, you frequently rely on an army of level one Orc mules to handle the raw materials, gidgets, and gadgets used to construct your Engineering Masterpieces of Mayhem.

Two of your mules, creatively named Oreorc and Engork, hold minerals and engineering parts, respectively.  A third, Alfredo, holds cloth, gems, and other random stuff you've picked up in your adventures and just don't have room for.  You've grown quite weary of searching through your bags every time you're at the mailbox, clicking individually on the items, typing their names in, and generally giving your clicky finger a harder workout than it would like.  However, you just downloaded this way-cool AddOn called BulkMail, and you're ready to give it a go.

First, you type:
	
	/bm defaultdest Alfredo

to make things easier on you when you're sending random knickknacks in for storage.  This way, you can add items to the Send queue with a blank To: field, and send them off to Alfredo while any other AutoSend items you have will be sent to their own appropriate characters.  As a bonus, you won't need to type in Alfredo's name everytime you want to add an item with him as the destination to your AutoSend list.

Next, you get to work on your list for Oreorc, who will be holding metal ore, metal bars, stone, and blasting powder.  You type:

	/bm autosend add Oreorc 

then shift-click the items you want sent to him by default.  The resultant line would look something like this:

	/bm autosend add Oreorc [Thorium Ore] [Thorium Bar] [Dense Stone] [Dense Blasting Powder]

Do this as many times as you want, whenever you want; the changes take effect immediately.  (Tip: you can also change AutoSend destinations this way; adding an item that's already in your list, but with a different destination, will simply change the existing destination to the new one.)

You input your list for Engork in similar fashion, e.g.:

	/bm autosend add Engork [Thorium Widgit] [Truesilver Transformer] [Unstable Trigger] [Goblin Rocket Fuel]

Finally, you add other bits and pieces that you want to be sent to Alfredo.  Note that it is not necessary (though it certainly won't hurt) to include his name as the destination, since you have already set him as your default destination with /bm defaultdest (Hint: temporarily changing your default destination can speed up the process of adding items to your AutoSend, if you have lots and lots of lines to add to one person):

	/bm autosend add [Runecloth] [Ironweb Spider Silk] [Dark Iron Residue]

Now that you're all set up, you do a little hunting, go about your daily business, shop the Auction House, etc..  Next time you open the Send Mail page, there will be a nice little window to helpfully let you know what items are ready to be sent, if any.  If there's no name in the To: field, then this list will be all of the items that are in your AutoSend list that are currently in your bags.  You can Alt-click to remove any items you don't want sent from the list, if you like.  Also, if you have some items that weren't in your AutoSend list, but that you'd still like to ship on over to Alfredo, your default destination, you can Alt-click/drag-drop the other items from your bags and they will be added to the list.  There is no limit to the amount of items you can add.  Clicking Send will send all of the items on the list to either Alfredo (if there's no AutoSend entry for that item) or to the item's AutoSend destination.

The next day, you decide you want to make more bullets, and so therefore don't want to send any of your stones and ore; however, you found a great deal on Runecloth and bought 10 whole stacks.  You walk up to the nearest mailbox, flip on over to the Send tab, and type 'Alfredo' into the To: field.  BulkMail automatically eliminates from the send list all items that don't have Alfredo as their destination.  You also have a really nice +arcane resist ring that you want him to hold onto until the market ripens.  You drag that over to the list, too, then click Send.  The Runecloth and the ring are sent to Alfredo, and you're off to craft yourself some bullets.

Finally, you want to send a pile of assorted cheeses to your favorite Undead Cheese Conasuir, whose name is unpronouncable but is conveniently spelled 'Bob'.  You open up your mailbox, type 'Bob' into the To: field, and hold down the Alt key while clicking on the various fromage that you picked out for him, and they are added to the list.  You click Send, and they are shipped off for him to enjoy.

This is but one scenario, but I hope it gives you a feel for what this mod is capable of; if you have any questions, bug reports, or feature requests, please post them on my WoWI portal at http://hyperactiveChipmunk.wowinterface.com

Thanks!  Hope you enjoy my mod.

-hC
